Terms and conditions
Green Future Project S.r.l. Società Benefit
1. Premises 
Green Future Project S.r.l. Società Benefit owns this website https://greenfutureproject.com/ and any mobile platform of Green Future Project (hereinafter, "Website /App"), with a registered office in Piazza Benedetto Cairoli 6, 00186 - Rome, registration number with the Companies Register of Rome, and tax code 15810811008. (hereinafter, "GFP"). 
GFP is a start-up company active in the development, production, and marketing - in Italy and abroad - of innovative services with high technological value, which enable legal or physical persons, among others, to reduce their carbon emissions and support biodiversity conservation by participating in ad hoc projects supported by GFP and implemented by certain Partners (as defined below). 
GFP created the Website/App to allow Users (as defined below) to participate in projects proposed by GFP and aimed at achieving the objectives of the Sustainable Development Goals by utilizing GFP's services. 
GFP, as part of its fairness and transparency policy, invites each User of the Website/App to carefully read these terms and conditions (hereinafter, "T&C") that govern the services offered through the Website/App before beginning to navigate the Website/App. It is understood that by proceeding to purchase a service on the Website/App, the User declares that he has read and fully accepts the T&C. Please do not use the Website/App or its services if the User does not intend to accept these T&Cs and/or any other notes, legal notices, information, or statements of limitation of liability published on the Website/App. 




2. Definitions 
The term "T&C" refers to the general rules for using the Website/App and the Services, as well as the specific conditions governing the use of individual Services, as well as any document referred to herein or any other note, legal notice, information, or disclaimer published on the Website/App. The privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") and any other terms and conditions listed in the various sections of the Website/App are incorporated into these T&Cs. 
The terms listed below, as well as terms defined elsewhere, shall have the meanings given next to each of them in these T&Cs. In particular, the terms: 
- "GFP" refers to the above-mentioned Green Future Project S.r.l. Benefit Company. 
-Collaborators "means all legal entities with whose collaboration the Services are rendered and the Projects are implemented, as expressly stated in the Projects description in Article 3 below; -Projects" means the projects proposed to the Users by GFP, reported on the Web Site/App, and described in Article 3 below; -Services" means the services rendered by GFP to its Clients (including those rendered wi In the absence of any specification, the term "Service" refers to the Website/App and all services, including paid services, functions, and features, that are offered within the Website/App and are in any case made available to Users. 
-Website/Application "means the website accessible at https://greenfutureproject.com/, as well as all Internet addresses (e.g. URLs, domain names, and pages) and/or the related application software for the use of the Services that GFP controls or manages and that are used to offer or provide the Services, as well as all mirrors, replacements, and backups, and all web pages that the sites include. For clarity, any reference to "Website/App" in these T&Cs includes all current or future versions of the website https://greenfutureproject. com/, as well as any mobile application through which the website or GFP's Services are accessed, regardless of whether access is via a currently existing platform or device or a future platform or device (in either case). 
- "User" refers to I the user who navigates on the Website/App and/or uses the functionalities and/or Services made available to all Users without registering on the Website/App; and (ii) the user who registers by providing personal information to gain access to the Service accessible only after Registration (as defined below) on the Website/App.




3. Services and Projects 
The User (whether an individual, a company, or an institution) may request GFP to join one of the Projects published on the Website/App and, in doing so, intends to use the Services provided by GFP for each Project published on the Website/App and required to support it. 
Simultaneously, the User may participate in GFP's "subscription" program (at various levels of membership) aimed at offsetting CO2 emissions by "subscribing" to more than one Project proposed by GFP (the "Subscription Program"). In such a case, the User agrees that GFP is free to distribute the Price (as defined below) received for joining the Subscription Program to the various Projects described on the Website/app. 
For the foregoing, the User acknowledges and accepts that GFP, to perform the Services related to the Projects, will rely on the support and collaboration of the non-governmental organizations and/or other entities expressly mentioned in the Project description (found on the Website/App) (hereinafter, the "Partners").


4. Registration 
To participate in the Project and request the Services, the User must first register by following the procedure outlined on the Website/App (hereinafter, the "Registration") and have read and accepted the information on personal data processing. Computerized systems provide the Service automatically. 
The User who intends to register on the Website/App or join one or more Projects and subscribe to the Service, proceeding to the Registration and then to the selection of Projects and Services, guarantees to be of legal age, and that the personal data provided are true, correct, and up to date, referring to the person who enters them or inserted with the consent of a third party, assuming full responsibility. If there are any changes to the data provided by Users, it is the responsibility of the latter to notify GFP as soon as possible. 
The User who has registered for the Website/App may access his/her profile at any time in the "Login" section of the Website/App to update or modify the data entered, including information about his/her preferences. It is agreed that the User will be solely responsible for the accuracy and upkeep of such information. 
The User agrees to provide a personal email address that he/she guarantees to have at his/her disposal and that he/she regularly accesses. In the event of any changes, the User agrees to promptly update the email address registered on the profile. Profiles registered with email addresses other than the Users or with temporary email addresses may be deleted without notice by GFP. GFP also reserves the right to validate individual accounts if GFP has reason to suspect that the e-mail addresses provided are invalid. 
Registered Users can delete their Account at any time by going to the ["Profile" section of the Website/App, clicking on "Account," and then clicking on "Delete Account"].


5. Essential characteristics of the service
Since the transaction's object is a Service, the User does not receive (physically or digitally) any movable or immovable property, and the User has no claim to the goods used in the Project or any fruits. 
By submitting a purchase order, the User declares that he/she has read and accepted the general terms and conditions specified in these T&Cs and agrees to follow and respect them in his/her dealings with GFP and third parties in connection with the Project and the Services. 
The contract relating to the Service provided by GFP is deemed to be completed when the user submits a request to join one or more Projects. In such a case, GFP will promptly send the User an e-mail notification (to the email address used for Registration) indicating that the User has joined the Project and requested the Service. 
In the case of the "gifting" Service, if the recipient is a User who has not yet registered with the community, the Project (including the estimated benefits derived from the selected Project) and the related Services will be registered in the recipient's name only when the User registers. As a result, if the User never registers - that is, in the time preceding registration - the holder of the Service (and, as a result, the CO2) will remain the User who requested the provision of the Service and made the payment.


6. Service Charges 
The User must pay a fee to join the Project and use the related Services. This fee is expressed in variable currency on the Website/App via "geo pricing." 
The price is determined by the Project, the Services requested, and/or whether the User has chosen to use one or more of the Subscription tiers (hereinafter, the "Price"). The price may vary depending on the level of demand and supply, as well as specific promotional campaigns, taking into account the locations where projects are carried out, the movable and immovable assets involved, and the Partners involved. The most recent price list is always available on the website https://greenfutureproject.com/ and must be used as a guideline by the User when placing each order. 
The displayed price includes all charges, including VAT, and is paid in one lump sum. If the User requests the provision of more than one Service (and/or the subscription to more than one Project and the relevant Services) at the same time, the total amount to be paid by the User to GFP will be displayed at the end of the purchasing session, i.e. before payment is made. 
Regarding the Subscription Program, the User agrees to pay the Monthly Price as specified and published on the Website/App within the terms specified therein. Simultaneously, GFP acknowledges that any User who has signed up for the Subscription Program may cancel the automatic monthly renewal at any time by accessing the ["Profile" section of the Website/App, clicking on "Account," and then on "-"]. Concerning the Subscription Program Price, the Price may vary depending on the level of demand and supply, as well as specific promotional campaigns, taking into account the locations where the Projects are carried out, the movable and immovable property involved, and the Partners involved. 
If the price of the Subscription Program changes (positive or negative), GFP will notify the User via e-mail of the increase and/or decrease in the monthly price of the Subscription Program. In such a case, the User has the option to cancel the automatic monthly renewal at any time by going to the ["Profile" section of the Website/App, clicking on "Account," and then clicking on "-"]. 
Payment is accepted via the following payment gateways: 
-Stripe; 
-Paypal; 
-Google Pay; 
-Apple Pay. 
Given the nature of the Services rendered, the User consents to the immediate performance of the same by entering into this contract and paying the Price, in the sense that GFP may proceed with the provision of the Service requested immediately.


7. Services and/or Project Exclusion and/or Suspension 


Should the performance of the Services and/or the execution of the Projects be hampered or suspended due to causes beyond GFP's control, such as but not limited to, natural disasters, pandemics, fires, floods, blackouts, earthquakes or other natural disasters, strikes, lock-outs, legal provisions, measures, actions, or orders of Governmental Authorities, Partners, and/or other entities, GFP reserves the right to terminate the Services and/or the Projects. 
In such cases, GFP may propose a new Project to be supported and the relevant Services to the User via e-mail to the address used for Registration. If the User does not accept the new project within 15 (fifteen) Working Days of the date of suspension, the contractual relationship between GFP and the User regarding the suspended project and services is deemed to have been terminated following article 1456 of the Italian Civil Code, and GFP is not obligated to pay any compensation or indemnity to the User.




8. Information requests and complaints 


The User may contact GFP by writing to the following e-mail address: info@greenfutureproject.com with any questions or requests for clarification regarding the Projects, Services, Subscription Program, and/or T&Cs and GFP in general.




9. Modifications to the Services or changes to the Terms and Conditions 
GFP reserves the right to update, integrate, and modify, in whole or in part, the terms and conditions of these T&Cs and each of the documents referred to herein, including the Privacy Policy, the Projects, the Services, the Subscription Programs and their respective characteristics, as well as the Prices for the use of the Services published therein. 
The User agrees to review the T&Cs regularly, with the understanding that GFP will take all reasonable steps necessary and appropriate to notify the User of any changes to the T&Cs, Subscription Programs, Projects, and/or Services via the Website/App and/or via email. 
Changes to T&Cs, Subscription Plans, Projects, and/or Services will take effect when they are posted on the Website/App and will apply only to sales completed after that point. 
Users will be deemed to have accepted changes and updates if they log on to the Website/App or use the Website/App after the change is posted on the Website/App. 
If you disagree with the changes, please do not use the Website/App, and if you are a registered user, you may delete your account by going to the "Log in" section of the Website/App, clicking on ["Account," and then "Delete Account." 
If any provision of these T&Cs is found to be invalid, void, or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will remain valid and enforceable.




10. Liability Restriction 
GFP agrees to perform the Services with due diligence, organizing, at its own expense, the means, technical personnel, and anything else required for such purpose, as well as informing the User via the Website/App of the performance thereof and, more broadly, of any inconvenience that may significantly impede the progress of the Subscription Program, Projects, and/or the. 
GFP shall do everything in its power to ensure the correct execution of the Projects within the scope of providing the Services; however, given that the Projects are carried out in foreign countries by Partners, GFP does not guarantee concrete and perfect execution of the Project. 
It is expressly understood that GFP makes no representations or warranties to the User regarding I the Partners; (ii) the Services rendered with the support of Partners; and any data on the production of positive impacts resulting from Subscription Programs, Projects, and/or Services rendered by GFP, including those detailed on the Website/App, represent an estimate made by GFP and based on a variety of factors.




11. Privacy
GFP processes users' data under the provisions of current legislation on the protection of personal data, as better described and detailed in the relevant Privacy Policy, which can be viewed at the following website https://greenfutureproject.com/privacy-policy/.


12. Jurisdiction and applicable law 
These Terms and Conditions, as well as any contractual relationship formed between the User and GFP concerning the Subscription Programs, Projects, and/or Services advertised on the Website/App, are governed by Italian law. 
Except for cases expressly provided for by Italian law, the Court of Rome shall have jurisdiction in the event of a dispute between GFP and the User. 
Per the articles 1341 and 1342 of the Italian Civil Code, the User and GFP declare that they have read and understand, and thus expressly approve, articles 3 ("Products and Services"), 4 ("Registration"), 5 ("Essential characteristics of the Service"), 6 ("Price of the Service"), 7 ("Preclusion and/or suspension of the Services and/or the Project"), and 9 ("Modification ("Applicable law and the competent court"). 
With the issuance of its final authorization to the Registration, the User fully and explicitly approves, without reservation, the above clauses and detailed in the preceding paragraph.